Doesn’t he understand? He’s not responding.
Did he not understand what I said?
Isn’t English the universal language?
Besides Mandarin, Taiwanese, and English,
can I not understand other languages? No, wait,
I also know a bit of
not-so-standard Italian.
No, no, no,
no,
no, no,
no, no, no,
no.
Are you Chinese? You just called him
“uncle”? Do you know his last name?
B-Brother… I just—
I really didn’t see anything.
If you saw, you saw.
It was just killing a traitor,
no big deal.
No, no big deal?
Then what’s a big deal?
It’s late, go home already.
Don’t wander around alone,
it’s dangerous.
Brother…
Wait, little sister,
has anyone ever told you
your Italian is really terrible?
That little girl just now, sitting on the ground,
trembling,
with teary eyes that wouldn’t stop,
she looked… kind of adorable.
Lin, what are you thinking about?
Thinking about that
Chinese girl. If
you’re interested,
take her back to Rome.
This is the first time I’ve seen you
stare at a girl for so long.
She just called you “uncle,”
and you’re only 26 this year, right?
How does it feel to be promoted to uncle?
If your tongue doesn’t want to shut up,
I can have a meeting with it.
Alright, you win.
Mr. Huo, I heard you’re in Bangkok.
Tomorrow night at 8, Night Club,
don’t miss it.
The head of the Mengzhao family,
Shi Nai,
already knows you’re in Bangkok.
He’s invited you to meet tomorrow night at 8
at his club. Are you going?
Of course I’m going.
Shi Nai had Paul
steal your stuff,
and now he’s proactively asking to meet.
It’s obviously a trap,
and on top of that,
Bangkok is his turf.
Is it?
Then I’ll make it my turf.